Is Middle Middle Kingdom of Egypt the period in the history of ancient Egypt between circa 2050 BC and 1710 BC?
Why did Mentuhotep II restore the cult of the ruler, depicting himself as a god in his own life time, wearing the headdresses of Amun?
Was Amenemhet I compelled to campaign in the Delta region?
Did the governors of the nomes of Egypt, nomarchs, gained considerable power during the First Intermediate Period?
What is the period in the history of ancient Egypt between circa 2050 BC and 1710 BC?
What entered a period of weak Pharaonic power and decentralization called the First Intermediate Period?
When was Egypt's Old Kingdom?
Where was the Old Kingdom?
Where is the new capital for Egypt?
Where was the military campaign?
Who sent the first expedition to Pound during the Middle Kingdom?
Who reinforced his father 's defensive structure in Nubia?
Who suggested the possibility of a recollective coregency with his son?
What strengthened defenses between Arab republic of egypt and Asia?
What restored the religious cult of the ruler?
What received equally much attention as upper Egypt during the eleventh Dynasty?
What put more power in the hand of appointee of the central government , instead of regional authorities?
What preserved on temple wall at Tod and Memphis?
What organization built a serial of monumental fort throughout the country?
What organization became the most important immortal in popular religion?
What occurred during the Center Kingdom?
What is called Shedyet - sha by the force of the reigning king?
What is be ascribable in part to low photoflood storey , resulting in famine?
What held the title of Superintendent of Priests?
What gave way to the Endorsement Intermediate Period?
What gained its independence during the Offset Intermediate Period?
What existed in Egypt since the downfall of the Old Realm government?
Who continued his predecessors ' policy of nominate Nomarchs?
What became the most significant deity in popular religion?
What ascended the Theban throne in 2055 B.C. During Mentuhotep 2 's fourteenth regnal year?
Amenemhet required registration of din land , modified nome borders , and appointed who?
With preserve for who some of the most interesting of Egyptian papyri?
Who constitute follow by Sobekneferu , the first historically attested distaff king of Egypt?
When the unity of Egypt in full the what state or city gave way to the Second Intermediate Period?
What was then given to a conflation of Senusret and several New Realm warrior pharaohs?
What was succeeded by Sobekneferu , the first historically attested distaff b. b. king of Egypt?
What tends to create ecological succession problems?
What take on a policy of educating the sons of nomarchs in the capital and constitute them to government posts?
AWhat reduces the body of the trope to a simple stoppage - comparable shape?
